PCP Protocol 21.06.16

Date fixation:
    Presentation will be 19.07. at 13.30
    Sessions before that: today, 28.06., 05.07., 11.07.
    11.07. shall be exclusively focused on the presentation 
    05.07. content-generating, but all basic functions should be done by then.
    So today and next session all important functions should be implemented.
    Note: this presentation collides with the MHBF presentations. We have to    take this into account, we cannot just


The to do list (number= priority)
    (1) Scrapers: debug (workload hard to estimate) --> Eren and all scrapers for themselves
    (1) Query Engine: Greg, Georg, Claus, Wolfi, Rahul
            Optimizing, Speeding Up
            Getting Scraping Data
            Writing Tests
    (2) Report: Concretize. What shall we present?
    (2) GUI: In accordance to the reports. Relies on working Query Engine
    (2) Visualization: Relies both on Report and Query engine
    (3) PDFs: How can we do PDF reports? Should maybe do background research and then talk to report group.
    
Some thing to ask David:
    Hints on what the presentation should be like?
    
Procedure to decide on what the reports are supposed to be:
    Everyone should access the wiki and write down their ideas. If they are currently working on an implementation already this should be mentioned.
    Claus and I will try to find a consensus and present and discuss it by the beginning of next time.
    

Stuff done:
    
Scraping: 
    Lot of debugging done
    Claus, Alicjas, Gregs scraper works, Jans almost, Ines still pending but next time Greg will help)
    
Visualization:
    Average temperature over time plotting (Filip)
    Animation: ongoing, still some issues(Alicja)
    Mapping function to have compatibility with GUI output
    
GUI: (Wolfi, Rahul)
    can take parameters and extract from database (works for the historical daily so far, the other data should be similar)
    
    --> On a basic level, we can get a query via the GUI and output a visualized map! 
    
Jan: started working on a NLP bot



    
    
    

